vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTI sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqCI sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqKO sqLU Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqLU sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZI sqZA Upward
[Dat2AIo,Saup1]
_6h_5h_3h_8h^!h - _3k - _6k
_7k_1k_1h_4k - ^4h - _2h_7h
_1h -  - _1k_!k_1k_1h_1k_1h
 -  -  -  -  -  -  - _8k - 
 -  - ^$h_5k -  -  - ^5h - 
 -  - _2k -  -  -  -  -  - 
^1h^1k^1h^1k - ^1k^1h^1k^1h
^7h^2h -  -  - ^4k - ^2k^7k
^6k^5k^3k^8k^#h^8h^3h - ^6h
~~~
^#k^4h

