vPlays3 sqZO sqCI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXU sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZU sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqTO sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXO sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqZAI sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPY sqCO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZI sqXU Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZAI sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqXI sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqZE sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqZO Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqMIA Downward
vPlays2 sqPI sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqXU Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqPIA sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqPE sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPO sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTA sqNE Downward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAI sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNA sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAU sqNAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqTO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqCAI sqCAU Downward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h - _3h_8h - _8k_#k_5k - 
 - _2k^$h -  -  -  -  - _7h
_1h_1k - _1k - _1k_1h_1k^1h
 -  -  -  -  - _4k -  -  - 
^!h -  - _5h - ^5h_4k^7k_6k
 - _3k^1h_4h -  -  - _4h - 
^1h^1k^8k^1k - ^1k^1h^1k^1h
^7h^2h -  - _!k_2h_7k^2k - 
^6k^5k^1h -  - ^8h^3h^6h - 
~~~
_#h_3k

