vPlays3 sqZO sqNAI sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqLY sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqNU sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNY sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLY sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqNI sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNU sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqLU sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNO sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqLE sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAI sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLO sqNI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKO sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqKAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqXO Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqLA sqNE sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPAI sqPIA Upward
vPlays2 sqNU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqLI sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLE sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNA sqNI Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqKI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqTA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqLY sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNU sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLE sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTU sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLO sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLI sqNE Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNA sqTE Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqTE sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqZI sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKI sqNU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKE Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqNI sqLU Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqKO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKU Downward
vPlays2 sqPY sqPU Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZU sqZI Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqXI Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqKE sqLA Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMY sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqLA sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqKAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqNY sqNO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqTU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTY sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZAU sqTAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqZY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTIA Downward
vPlays2 sqPY sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqCI Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqLA sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNI sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZY sqTO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNI sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqNAI Downward
vPlays2 sqLA sqKA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMIA Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqZU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNA sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMO sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMI sqCI Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLA sqKE sqLE Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNE sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqCE sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqNA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqZAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZAI sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXAI sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqNI Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqTE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNO Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLY sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMO Downward
vPlays2 sqCI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqLA Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXAI sqLI Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPI sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMIA sqMAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZA Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqXE Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqNAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqKI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAU sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqZY sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqZY sqTAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqNAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqPA Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqPO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqNY sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTE sqCE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNU sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqKI sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqMIA sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqPE sqXE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqLA sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqZY sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXU sqXO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCO sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqKAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCO sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqCO sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNU sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCO sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqKU sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqZO sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCY sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqMI sqPU Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCO sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZI sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCAU sqMAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqXI Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTE sqZA Downward
vPlays2 sqNY sqLO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqPO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqME Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqNA Upward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqKIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCO sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCO sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCIA sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCO sqMO Downward
vPlays2 sqMO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNE sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPAI sqPO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNI sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMIA sqPIA Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNE sqLE Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqLE sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqLE Downward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMI sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZAU sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXI sqMO Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqNIA Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAU sqZIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXO sqCU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAI sqXIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAI sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqKY sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqLY sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTO sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqZU sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqZE sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZU sqXI Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqCAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqMI sqCU Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTO sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCY sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqPA sqMA sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMO sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqZE sqTE Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTY sqNAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZA sqXA Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCAU sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTA sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqPAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqNO Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqXAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTO sqTY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLU sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqLU sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNIA sqLIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZE sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqPE sqME sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqCU sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqTI Upward
[Dat2AIo]
 -  -  - ^1k_4k -  - _5k - 
 -  - _8h - _1h - ^4h_1h - 
_6h -  - ^6k - ^$h - ^6h_1h
_1h_1h^7k -  -  - ^3k -  - 
_4h_3k - ^1k - ^7h_8h_3h - 
^3h^1h -  - _1k - _5k_1k - 
^1h^1k^8k^!h^1h^1k^#h - _6k
 - ^7h^5h -  -  - ^!k_1k - 
_5h_7k^8k -  - _2k^4k - _2h
~~~
^#k^2h^1k^2k

