vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKY sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLE sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNE sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqCI sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqMIA sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLU sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLU sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqLAI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqNAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCIA sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLO sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqNE Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqZAI sqCIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqTO sqZO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTU sqTY Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTA sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqCU sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMU sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMO sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqKI Upward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCA sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCO sqCU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqNO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPIA Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAU sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTU sqLY Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqXU Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMAI sqPY Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqZE Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqXY sqCY Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqXA sqXE Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqPY sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqLY sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCU sqCO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXY sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLO sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqNY sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqPI sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqZAU sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLAI sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCU sqCI Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTE sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAU sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPE sqMI sqME Upward
vPlays2 sqNO sqLY Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqZAU sqZI Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqPA sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqKI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqPE sqMA sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTU sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqCA sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqTA sqZE Upward
vPlays2 sqLY sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqLE sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNA sqTE Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqMI sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqZAU sqPU Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqXA Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTI sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays2 sqCIA sqPAI Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqXE sqCI Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqZAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqZU Upward
vPlays2 sqMA sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZE sqZI Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqPI sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMY sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqMAI sqMAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqXE Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXI sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqLA sqKA Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPAI sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqPE sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqZI sqCA Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPU sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqTAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqTA Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCU sqXU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqKO Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMU sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCU sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqLO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqLIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKO sqKY Upward
vPlays2 sqPA sqMA Downward
vPlays2 sqZA sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXAU sqZAI Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqNAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqTAI Upward
vPlays2 sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXY sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTO sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqKAI Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMO sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCU sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNU sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqTA sqZA Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqTE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqZE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqPAI sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqNAU sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTY sqNAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXY sqTAI Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqKO sqNI Upward
[Dat2AIo]
^2h -  -  - ^6h - ^5k_6k - 
 - _4h - _4k -  - _8h_2h_1h
 - _1h^3h_2k - ^3k - _1k - 
_1k - _1h - ^!h_8k^1h -  - 
^3k_1k_1k_5k -  -  -  -  - 
^2k - _1h^5h_7k^1k - ^4k_7h
_8h^1k - ^$h - ^1k - ^1k_3h
^7h^4h^8k -  -  -  -  - ^7k
^6k^#h -  -  - ^1h^!k^5h^1h
~~~
^#k^6h_1h

