vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTY sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTU sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqTU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqLY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLI sqLA Downward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZI sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqZY sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPU sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqCI sqXE Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqCE Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCE sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqLU sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZE sqXE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqME sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMA sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZA sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqMA sqXA Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZE sqZA Downward
vPlays2 sqKI sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZO sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqCU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPU sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMAI sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqKU sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqCAU sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqTE Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqME sqCA Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTY sqTA Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTA sqCA sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLI sqNE Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLA sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNA sqTE Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMA sqCA Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqLI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqLU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLA sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqKA sqKU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZA sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMY sqCY Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqMA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNU sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZU sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqZO sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZO sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqKA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqZA sqNA sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTY sqNAI Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqTO Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTO sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNA sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZU sqXU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXU sqME Downward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNY sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqMA sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMO sqPO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPY sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXAI sqCAU Downward
[Dat2AIo]
^3h -  -  -  -  - ^2k_5k - 
 - ^6h -  -  -  -  -  - _3k
 - _1k -  - _#k_1k -  - _1h
 - _1h -  -  - _2k^7k -  - 
_7k_5h -  - _1k_!k -  - ^$h
 - ^8h_1h_2h^6k_7h - _1k^8k
^1h^1k - _1h^!h^1k^1h^1k^1h
^7h -  - ^4h^1k - _4k^4h^1h
^6k^5k^3k_4k^8k^8h^3h^5h^6h
~~~
_#h_2h

