vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXU sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCO sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMO sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXO sqMO Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPAI sqMAU Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqPAU sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqXE Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqPAU sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCA sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqMIA sqMAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAI sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCO sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqZAI sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNO sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqLO sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqXI Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqLO sqKO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqTIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqZAI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMO sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqCAI sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqPU sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLY sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXAI sqMIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqXAI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKAI sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqXI Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqKAI sqKAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqME sqCE Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAI sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTY sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMI sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqCO sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLO sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqTO Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCI sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNU sqZU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqTO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqLO sqNY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNY sqKAU Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLI sqNI Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqKAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqTE sqZE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqNIA Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCE sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqTU Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqLAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTY sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTY sqTAI Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPU sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqZAU sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNY sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLY sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLU sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqTA Downward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTO sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTO sqTAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqCAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqXAI Downward
vPlays2 sqLAI sqNY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqNY sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqKIA sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZE sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPU sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCU sqPO Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqXIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPU sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqPI sqMI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPU sqCI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCE sqKAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqKAU sqKIA Downward
vPlays2 sqPIA sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCU sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqMA Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLO sqLY Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqKO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqLO sqCO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLU Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqZI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXA sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMY sqXY Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqNY sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXO sqXU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPE Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMI sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCO sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqMY Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqKY sqKAU Downward
vPlays2 sqNY sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXU sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqTAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCAU sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqXU sqXE Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKO sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqMY sqPO Downward
vPlays2 sqPY sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZY sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqMU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPAI sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTU sqTA Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAI sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqTI Downward
vPlays2 sqCU sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqXI sqTO Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqLAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMY sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMU sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZY sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqLAU sqKIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqKY sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqNAI sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMU sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqCI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqNI Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqZI sqZU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqCIA Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqMO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNAI sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqLAI sqKAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqTA Downward
vPlays2 sqMI sqCI Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h_5h_3h_7k -  -  - ^7h_6k
_7k -  -  -  - _7h -  - _1k
_1h - _8k - ^!h - ^2k -  - 
 - _1h -  -  - ^!k^4h - ^8k
_4k -  - _1k -  - _2k_1k^8h
^1h_1k -  - _1h^1k -  - ^#h
^$h^4h^1h - ^8h^5k - ^1k^1h
 -  - ^1h^1k - ^4k^2h^3k^2h
^3k^6k - ^1k - ^1h^3h^5h^6h
~~~
^#k_5k

