vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqNU sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLI sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqPAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZAI Downward
vPlays2 sqCIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNO sqNI Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLY sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqLAU sqXU Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqNI Downward
vPlays2 sqXU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTE sqNE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqLI sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXI sqMA Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqCI Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLY sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqCAI sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqZU sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNAU sqTAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLU sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZU sqCU Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCY sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTAI sqLIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqKY Downward
vPlays2 sqNI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZAI sqXAI Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXAI sqXY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNY sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCU sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqMY sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqMA sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCU sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqTAI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqMA sqLA Upward
[Mok1Mok1]
_6h^2k -  -  -  -  - ^3k_6k
_7k^4h - _4k_#k^1h_8k - _2h
_1h_1k - _1k^$h_1k - _1k_1h
 - _!h -  -  -  - _2h - _7h
_8h^#h -  - _3h -  -  -  - 
_3h - ^1k_1k - ^1h - ^4k^7k
^1h -  - ^1k -  - _2k^1k^1h
^7h_4h^8k - ^8h -  - ^1h - 
^6k^5k^5k -  -  -  - ^5h^6h
~~~
^5h^1h^!k^3k

