vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZO sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTO sqZU Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqNI sqTI Downward
vPlays2 sqTI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXU sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqXE Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqXAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqCI sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqXO sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZO sqXU Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqZA Downward
vPlays2 sqXU sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZO sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqNO sqLO Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqKAI sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTE sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNO sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLA sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqPA sqPE Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqKO Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqKO sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTO sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqZY sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCY sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqCY sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZO sqKIA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqPY Downward
vPlays2 sqKY sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAU sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXU sqZE Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCI sqZI Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqXO Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMI Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqZE sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCI sqXE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqPAI sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqPE sqPA Downward
vPlays2 sqPO sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqTO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqPI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMY sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNO sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqLE sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqCAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNO sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqLU sqNU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTIA sqZAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqLO sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqLE sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXU sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqNY sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqMY sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNU sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNU sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCI sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqZE sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqXO sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqTA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqNI sqLI Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h - _3h_8k - ^$h_3k_5k_6k
_7k - ^1k_2k_4h^2k -  -  - 
_1h^6k -  - ^!k - _1h_3h_1h
_1k_1h - _1k_1k -  -  - _!h
^7h^2h -  -  - _5h -  -  - 
 -  -  -  -  -  - ^#h^4h_7h
^1h^1k - ^1k^4k^1k^1h - ^1h
 -  -  -  - ^8k -  -  - ^7k
_4k^5k_2h^8h^8h -  - ^5h^6h
~~~
^#k_3k_1h^1k

