vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNI sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNU sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqTO sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKE sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMI sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqKI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKO sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqCAI sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqNI sqLU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqLU sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNI sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqTU sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTAI sqZY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqCU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNY sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZU sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTI sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNU sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXU sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqZU sqZO Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNU sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqLO sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZU sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMAU sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqKAI Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLI sqKE Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXY sqXAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqMA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqKE sqLE Upward
vPlays2 sqPE sqPA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLY sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqLAI sqTAI Downward
vPlays2 sqLE sqNE Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqXAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqMU sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqKE sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNI sqNA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqZU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLY sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqPI sqME sqPA Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLA sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqKE sqNI sqLE Upward
vPlays2 sqLE sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNO sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqXAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTY sqKIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqZAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqZAI sqCAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqKAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLA sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLY sqNAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAU sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqPAI sqPAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNU sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLO sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTO sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTI sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCO sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCO sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZE sqZA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXIA Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqZIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMIA sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMO sqMAU Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqPI Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNI sqKE Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqMAU sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqNI sqKI Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqZAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqCAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqXE Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAU sqMAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNI sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLY sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZU sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMA sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTY sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqZO sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqLAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCAU sqCIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLY sqLU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZY sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLAU sqKAI Downward
vPlays2 sqCY sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqZAU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqPY sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAU sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKAI sqKAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTY sqZAI Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqNAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMU sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTY sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAU sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqCAI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqMU sqXE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAI sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqCO sqMO Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNI sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTI sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMO sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCO sqCI Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqTY sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMO sqXI Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTU sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPIA sqMIA Downward
[Saup1]
_7k - _6h_8h -  -  - _5k^4k
 - _2h_1k_4h_!k_3k - _#k_3k
_2h - _1h_6k - _3h - ^1h_!h
^1h^1k - ^2k^1k -  - _1k - 
 -  - ^1h -  - _5h_3h^$h^1h
_1k^1h -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
_4k^8k_8k -  - ^#h^6h -  - 
^7h -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
 - ^5k^6k^7h_1k^1h_7k_2k^8h
~~~
_5h^1k^1k^1h_4h

