vPlays2 sqZO sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqNAI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLY sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqCAI Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqKO sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqZI sqXI Upward
vPlays2 sqMA sqXI Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqMA Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqZAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTA sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqPAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXI sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXY sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZAI sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqLIA Upward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMIA sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMI sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNI sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqLAU Downward
vPlays2 sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqPAU sqPAI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXY sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTO sqXU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqNI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXE sqCI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMI sqPI Downward
vPlays2 sqXU sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTA sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqTI sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTA sqZA Upward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqKU Downward
vPlays2 sqPY sqPO Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqKY Downward
vPlays2 sqCIA sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTO sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTE sqZA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqLU sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKE sqZE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqZE sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqPU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCY sqMAI Downward
vPlays2 sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqCI sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPU sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqKAI sqLY Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqXAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAU sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqMIA sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMA sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqCY sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqLA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqCAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPO sqMO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLA sqNE sqTI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNAI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqMIA sqPIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCY sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXE sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCI sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqPU sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCI sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqKI Downward
vPlays2 sqPAU sqPAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqXO sqXU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLA Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqMIA sqMAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXU sqCO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTI sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLU sqNO Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZAI sqCIA Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqCE Upward
vPlays2 sqPO sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMU sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZO sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqXAU Downward
vPlays2 sqXA sqMI Upward
vPlays2 sqNY sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqXI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLA sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZU sqZI Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqNU sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLU sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqZA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqKIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNU sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNE sqNA Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNA sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqCIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLA sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCE sqMI Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCE sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqLU sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLO sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNU sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTO sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZY sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqZO sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXE sqZA Downward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNI sqXI Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqXO sqCO Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXI sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqNIA Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXY sqXU Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXO sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqLI sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMY sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCE sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqMY sqMO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqME Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMY sqPAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqXE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCIA Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqPAI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqCI sqMU Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMY sqXAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZE sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqZY sqCAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZO Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqTO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqZY sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCE sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTO sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNU sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZAU sqXAI Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqCY sqMO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMAU Downward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTO Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCY sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAI sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqCY sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqZI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXO sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTU sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqTIA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXY Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqPO Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZAI sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCU sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTY sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXO sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCI sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXO sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCI sqZU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZO sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNAI Downward
vPlays2 sqTU sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqMA sqMO Downward
[Dat2AIo]
_7k_6h -  - ^1h_3h - _5k_6k
_3k -  -  - _1h_8h^5h - _7h
 - _1k - ^8k^1h - ^4h - _1k
_!k_1k -  -  -  -  -  - _1h
_4k_1k -  - ^8h^1h^$h_2h_4k
_!h -  -  - ^1k^1h_#k^6h_5k
^1h^1k_2k_1k -  -  -  - ^1k
^7h^6k -  - ^8k - ^2k^7k - 
^3h^2h^3k -  -  - ^1h^5h^4h
~~~
_#h

