vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqLU sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKI sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqZI sqPAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNAI sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLI sqTO Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXAI sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMO sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXO sqZU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMO sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqPAI sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMO sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZA sqXE Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNAI sqKIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqLY Downward
vPlays2 sqKAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqXO sqMO Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqZU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqMIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZU sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqPIA sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqXIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZU sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTE sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqZAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTA Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqXAI Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqZAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPI sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays2 sqNAU sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPI sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZAI sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqLU Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqXO sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTA sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqXY sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqCAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMY sqPY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXU sqZO Upward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZAI sqXAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZO sqXU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZA sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqXU sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqXO sqZU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZU sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqKA sqKE Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZA sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqZAU sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZAU sqZIA Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZI Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqXO Upward
[Dat2AIo]
 - _5h_3h_5k_8h - ^1h - _6k
_6h_2k -  -  - _4k_8h^4h^6h
_1h_1k - _1k^!h^$h - _1k^7k
_7k_5h_1h_1k -  -  -  -  - 
 -  - ^1h -  - ^2h -  - _2k
 -  -  - ^2h -  -  - ^4k_1h
^1h^1k - ^1k -  - ^1h^1k - 
 - _1h - ^#h^1k^8k_!k_3k - 
_4h^5k^3k - _7h - ^3h_6k - 
~~~
^#k^8k_7h

