vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqKY sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNE sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLU sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKO sqKAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqCI Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqKU Downward
vPlays2 sqCI sqXE Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqZAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqKU sqPU Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqKY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLE Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqKY sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqKU sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKI sqXAU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqXAU sqKAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqLAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPU Upward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqXIA Downward
vPlays2 sqKAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqLAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqKO sqLI Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMO sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCE sqMA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqKO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKI sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMY sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays2 sqMO sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZE sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqNAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLAI sqKAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqLAU sqKIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLE sqKE Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqXA Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqTU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqZO sqZY Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNI sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLIA sqLAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZU Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCY sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqNU Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqLI Upward
vPlays2 sqMA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqNU sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqXI sqCI Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXO sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZU sqTU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqKI sqNO sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCO sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXO sqZU Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqPO Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqPO sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZU sqXU Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTO sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXU sqZU Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqNU sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqKO sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqCO sqXU Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqTAI Upward
vPlays2 sqPE sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqXO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqTY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTO sqZY Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqPY sqXI Upward
[Dat2AIo]
 -  -  -  - _8h^!k_8k - _6k
_6h_1k - _4k_7h -  - _2h - 
 - _3k - _1k_2k^3h^5k_1k_1h
 -  -  - ^$h -  -  -  - ^1h
^1h_5h_1h_1k - ^1h_1k -  - 
 - ^1h^1k_3k_8h - ^4h^#h^1h
^7h^6k - ^8k^!h -  - ^1k - 
_4h -  - ^1k^2h - ^2k - ^7k
^4k^5k -  -  - _7k^3h^5h^6h
~~~
^#k_1h

