vPlays2 sqCAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKE sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqLU Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLI sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqPAI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays2 sqZI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZI Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNAI sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqLE Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqME Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMY sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqXE sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPU sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLY Upward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCY sqTY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPO Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqLY sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqLY sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTI sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKY sqKO Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqKO sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNI sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLI sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqPAI sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCAI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqKO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCY sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXO sqTI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLU sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqPO sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqZAU sqZIA Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLY sqKAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqKO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqMI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqXIA Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNU sqKE Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqPI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLU sqTI Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqKE sqNU sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqTA Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTI sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqXU Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNU sqLI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKY sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLU sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCO sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqKU sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqLO sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqLU sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCO sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNU sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNU sqNO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNU sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXIA sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqPA Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZU sqNY Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNU sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqTE sqNI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqKI sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLI sqLE Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqTE sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqXIA sqMIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqKAU sqKIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqKIA sqLIA Downward
vPlays2 sqNY sqKU Upward
vPlays2 sqLY sqKY Downward
[Dat2AIo,Saup1]
_6h -  - _5h^$h -  - _5k^4k
 -  -  - _3h - _#k^6k - _7h
^3h -  - _8k - _1k^3k_1k_2h
^3k_1k_1h - ^1h - _8h^1k_1h
 -  -  -  -  -  - ^1h - _1k
_8h -  -  - _1h^4h -  - ^6h
 - _4h^1h^1k^!h^1k^1h - ^1h
^7h_!k - ^8k -  -  - ^4k - 
 - _7k -  -  - ^5k - ^7k - 
~~~
_#h^2k_6k^2h_5h_1k_2k

