vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTY sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXI sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLU sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqNU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqXA Downward
vPlays2 sqXU sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXAI sqZAU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqLU sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqKO sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLAI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNI sqLE Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqMO Downward
vPlays2 sqLE sqKE Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqTO Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZY sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqMO sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMU sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqKIA sqKAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPO sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMO sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqXY sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAI sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXE sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZY sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTAU sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqMO sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTAU sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqPU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZIA sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqXA Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZO sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqKAU sqKIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZY sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTO sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTO sqXY Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAI sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCY sqMY Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKI sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTY sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMO sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCY sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAU sqZIA Downward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h - _3h_8h - _5h_3k - _6k
 -  - _#k_4k - _4h - _2h_7h
_1h^7h_1h_1k - _1k -  - _1h
 - _1k - _!h -  - _1k_1h^5k
 -  -  -  -  -  -  - _8k - 
 -  - _7k - ^1k - ^3k -  - 
^1h^1k^1h - ^$h^1k^1h^1k^1h
 - ^4h^2h^4k -  - ^8h^2k^7k
^6k^5k - _!k_2k - ^3h^5h^6h
~~~
_#h_8k

