vPlays2 sqNI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZAI sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqLAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLAI sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqNAI sqLO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLI sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNU sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNO sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqLO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNO sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNU sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNY sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLO sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZA sqTA Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNU sqKU Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqPAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqCI sqCA Upward
vPlays2 sqCY sqMY Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqMI sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCI sqME Downward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLO sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqLY sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqCE Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqPO Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLO sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqXY sqZO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLO sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqMIA sqMAU Upward
vPlays2 sqKY sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTI sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLE sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAI sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqMA sqPA Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqNY sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLE sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqZO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTAU sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAU sqTAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCI sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZO sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZO sqZY Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqKAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqNY sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqKO sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqCI sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTIA sqNAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqPAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTE sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqTA Downward
vPlays2 sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTI sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqLA Upward
vPlays2 sqPE sqPA Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqNU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqZO sqKA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZU Upward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqZO sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLY sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqPA sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqLA sqLI sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqMI sqXO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqLAU sqKIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAU sqXIA Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNA sqTE Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqTE sqTI Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMU sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqLE sqKE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZY Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqTE Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqZU sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXO sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqCE sqME Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqLAI sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqCE sqCA Upward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCA sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMO sqMI Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCIA sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqMI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqZU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCI sqCO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCO sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCO sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXI sqMA Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPY sqMY Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLIA sqKAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAI sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqTE sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXU sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqXAI sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZY sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqNY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXU sqMU Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMY sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKIA sqLIA Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCE sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqTE sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqNAU sqTAI Downward
vPlays2 sqPU sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCO sqMO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMY sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCE sqCA Downward
vPlays2 sqPY sqPO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCU sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqMY sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqXY sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqLA sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZY sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNI sqMAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCU sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMU sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqNU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqCA sqPA Downward
vPlays2 sqTI sqXA Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqXU Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqNE Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCE sqPU Upward
vPlays2 sqPU sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqPO sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqKA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTU sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMU sqCU Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqCO sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMAI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPO sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCU sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAI sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXO sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqZE sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXAI sqCAU Downward
vPlays2 sqPI sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqPAU sqPIA Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAI sqMY Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMU sqXU Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqKY Downward
[Dat2AIo]
 - _5k - ^7h - ^5k^5h - _2k
 - _4k - _1h -  -  - _6k_7h
 - _1k - ^4h^1k^2h_1h -  - 
_1h_1h^!k^1h_1k^2k - _8k - 
 -  - ^3h_1k -  -  - ^6k_#k
_4k^1k_4h - _1h -  -  -  - 
^1h_3k - _2h - ^1k^$h^1k^1h
 -  -  - _8k^7k_7k_8h - _!h
^3k -  - ^5h -  - ^6h -  - 
~~~
_#h^3h_8h^6h^1k

