vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqZAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTAI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTY sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqMI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCY sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKIA sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLAI sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqMO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCI sqPO Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqNIA Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKI sqKO Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMU sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqNIA sqNAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqTA Downward
vPlays2 sqCIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqPE sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKY sqKO Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqNU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqKIA Upward
vPlays2 sqPU sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqKY sqKAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNO sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNIA sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCA sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqTAI sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTA sqNE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMU sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZO sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPI sqMU sqCE Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTU sqNI Downward
vPlays2 sqCE sqCI Upward
vPlays2 sqPE sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqCO Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXAI sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqCE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKAI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqPI sqPO Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPI sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqMU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTU sqZI Upward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqMU sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqCO sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCU sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqXA Downward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNO sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqZY sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqTO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqNO sqLY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAU sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCE sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMO sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqLO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqNO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqXU sqCU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNE Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMO sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqPAU Upward
vPlays2 sqMO sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqLO sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNO sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPY sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCO sqCIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqMIA sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqCU sqCO Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCE sqXA Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqPIA sqMIA Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqKY sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKO sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqLAI sqTIA Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqPI Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqCO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqKI sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqMA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNIA sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMA sqPA sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqTI sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqME sqXE Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqZAI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNO sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqPI sqPO Downward
vPlays2 sqCAU sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXY sqTU Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTAI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKIA sqKAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNO sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqNE Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZY sqXAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqLE Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTI Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqZU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCI sqPA Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqCI sqZA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqXU sqPAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqXAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqNI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqPY sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqXAU sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqPI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNY sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZO sqPIA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqLAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqPA sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqZO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqCIA sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqKO sqLO Upward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXO sqPE Downward
vPlays2 sqNAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZA sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqLAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTU sqLE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKE Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqZY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqNAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqKIA sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXAI sqTIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqPAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZO sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAI sqZY Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqNY sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqMIA Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqNI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXO sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPY sqPU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLY sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqZAI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqZO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZO sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXU sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCU sqCI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqZO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqPAI sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqME sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTU sqTO Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqKI sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqNU sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTU sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMAI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqPY sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZO sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXAI sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPY sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZO sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMY sqPAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqMAI sqMY Upward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPY sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqMU sqMO Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqCI Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXA sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNA sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqMIA sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZI sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqCE sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCE sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCAU sqCIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqMIA sqMAI Downward
vPlays2 sqNE sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXO sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZA sqCI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPU Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqLE Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqKAU sqKAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTO sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLAU sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqCI sqPA Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCU sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqPE sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCIA sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqMIA sqPIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPI sqCE sqCA Upward
vPlays2 sqMO sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqPE sqCU sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKO sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAU sqKAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTU sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqLAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqME sqMA Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNIA sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqPO sqPY Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqNI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXA sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXI sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqXA sqMA Downward
vPlays3 sqZA sqNA sqNE Upward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqXO Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTO sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNI sqTU Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqZO Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqNE sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCE sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTA sqTE Upward
vPlays2 sqPIA sqPAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqCY sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqME sqPE Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqZI sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZE sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqLY sqKAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqXE Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqNO Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqPAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqMA sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqME sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqLAU sqKAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqMIA sqPIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNU sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKO sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLY sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLA sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqNY sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLI sqNE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLI Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXO sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKU sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLU sqTE Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZY Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqXAI Downward
vPlays2 sqTE sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXIA sqNIA Downward
vPlays2 sqMI sqPU Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqME Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqCY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTI sqZI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqXA Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqZU Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqLY sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXY sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPIA Downward
[Dat2AIo]
 - ^1h -  -  - ^$h_5h_7h - 
^1k -  - _!h -  - _#k^2h - 
_1h^1h - ^3h_8k_1h -  -  - 
_7k_1k -  - ^3k - ^1k -  - 
^1k -  - _1k_2k - _1h_3k_8h
_4k^8h^6k^4h^4h_1h^1k - _6k
 - ^6h^4k - ^8k^1k - _1h_2h
^7k^7h^3h - ^5k -  -  -  - 
^1h - _2k -  - ^5k -  - _6h
~~~
_#h^1k_!k^5h

