vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTY sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCI sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZI sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqCIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXY sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqTI sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqXI Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZO sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqZAU Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAU sqXIA Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMY sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqME sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqMU Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqKE Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXU sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAU sqMAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqTAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqLAU sqKAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqXAU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqNIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMY sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAU sqPAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqZIA sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqMY Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMY sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXE sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqCY sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLO sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXA sqXIA Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays2 sqNY sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZY sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTAI sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMU sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqZO sqZU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZU sqZI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZY sqZO Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqCAU sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNU sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMO sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNU sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqXI Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZE Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqXI sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMA sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLY sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqCU sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZU sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqNAI sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZY sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqTAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqKAU Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqMA sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqCAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMO sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNI sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNI sqLU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqNO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKI Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKI sqKU sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqLI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPY sqPIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXO sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPU sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZY sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNA sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqMI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqZA Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZE sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqLY sqCA Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLA sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTI sqLE Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqZO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqPAU Downward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Upward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZO sqXU Upward
vPlays2 sqPAU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqPU sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqCE sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPU sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqMO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMU Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqTE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLAI Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqPO Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqTE sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXO sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLI sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZY sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZA sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPO sqPI Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqCY sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqTI sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCE sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqMI Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqPAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLA sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTI sqTU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAI sqKAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLA sqKI Upward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqKU sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKE sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCA sqXA Downward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCAU sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMIA sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqXA sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqNI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTU sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZY sqZAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMI sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLI sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLI sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCE sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqXE sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTU sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqZA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTU sqZI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXO sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqPAI sqMY Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqCAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCO sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqZI sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqPAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqCE sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTU sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqLA Upward
[Saup1]
_6h^2k -  - ^!h_8k_7k_5k - 
_#k - _1k^$h - ^1k_1k -  - 
^2h_8h - _3k -  -  - _7h^3h
_1h -  - ^8h -  - ^3k -  - 
_1k -  - ^6k^1h -  -  - ^7k
^1h_1h - ^1k^1k -  -  - ^1h
 - ^1h^1h^1k_6h - _2k^#h^4k
^8k^7h -  -  - _1k_4k^1h - 
^6k^5k^4h^3h -  -  - ^5h_!k
~~~
^5h_2h^4h

