vPlays3 sqMAU sqPAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqLAI sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqPAI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXA sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqCIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays2 sqPU sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqLAI sqTO Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqPAI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTU sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTU sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCU sqMO Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCU sqPU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqCAI sqMAU Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqXO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLE sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqCU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCO sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqPI sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqZI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXO sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTAU sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqPI sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqKAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqPU Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqPI sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqPAI Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMU sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMU sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqLAU sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqXI Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLO sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXU sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMU sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMO sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMO sqMY Downward
vPlays2 sqCAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCU sqPE Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNU sqNO Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqNA sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqPE sqMI Upward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqPAU sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLA sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZY sqXY Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqXO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNO sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqNAU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTI sqXA Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMY Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKO Downward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMO sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqKIA sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCO sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqXU Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCU sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTY sqTU Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqCAI Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqZO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPO sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCO sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMO sqCO Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPO sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZO sqKIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqNIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqXAI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTO sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCE sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNU sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqTY sqCIA Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqNI sqTI Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqMI Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAI sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMO sqPU Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqNI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqZI sqLI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqMAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTU sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqKU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZU sqXO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMO sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXY sqZAI Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAU sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTY sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNU sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTY sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqTO sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNI sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMI sqCI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCU sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqME sqPE Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqZO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqKO sqLI Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqLI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTY sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCIA sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqPAI sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXY sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqMIA sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqZA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqNAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZAU sqXAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAU sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqPE sqMI sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZU sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMO sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqNAU sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqTO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqZAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPO sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqZAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKY sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqNIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqKAI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMO sqCU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXI Downward
vPlays2 sqCU sqXU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLY sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZY Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqLAI sqKAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqCI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqLAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqNIA sqTAI Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqXAI Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqCO Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKO sqKU Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqTAU Downward
vPlays2 sqCI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTU sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAU sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqCAI sqXAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKI Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqXY Upward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqPE Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqTU sqKA Upward
[Huep2Hia1]
^7h_5h -  - _4h^5k^1k_5k_6k
 -  - _7h - _2k_3h_4h^1h_5h
_1k_1k -  - ^1k_1k - _8k_1h
^1h - _1h_#k_1k^$h -  -  - 
^4k_1k_2h_!k -  - ^#h^1h^7k
 -  -  -  - _6h -  - _6k - 
^1h^1h -  -  -  - _3h_3k^1h
 -  -  - _4k^8h -  -  -  - 
 -  - _3k^2h_1k -  -  -  - 
~~~
^7k^8k^6h_8h_!h_2k

