vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCY sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXAI sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqPI Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTI sqNE Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqZI sqZE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXY sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqPE sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAU sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZAI sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqXAI sqCY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqMY sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqCY sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZU sqTU Upward
[Saup1]
_6h_7k_3h -  -  - _3k - _6k
 - _2k -  - _1k -  - _2h - 
_1h_1k_1h_#k - _1k_1h_1k_7h
 - _8h^1h^!h^$h_8k - ^1k - 
 - _5h - ^3h -  -  -  -  - 
 - ^1h -  -  -  -  - ^1h - 
^1h^1k - _!k - ^1k^#h - ^1h
^7h^2h - ^4h_1k - ^4h - ^7k
^6k^5k^3k^8k - ^8h - ^5h^6h
~~~
^4k_2k^5k_4k

