vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqCAI sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNIA sqTIA Downward
vPlays2 sqLIA sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqLY Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqLO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqZI sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqMY Downward
vPlays2 sqKIA sqLIA Upward
vPlays2 sqNU sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqLAI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTO sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLY sqLO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTY sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqPE sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXI sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNIA sqLAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNI sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTA sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPY sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqCAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAU sqXAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqNA sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqTO sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqTE sqXE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMAI sqPAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqZAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNU sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqXAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNA sqTA Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqLA sqKA sqLE Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqMIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqNE Upward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqZAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqME sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTA sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKI sqNA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXU sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXI sqTA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNIA Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTA sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqNO sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqTE Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqKA Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKAU sqKIA Downward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLA sqKE Upward
vPlays2 sqLA sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqCAI sqPAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqKU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNU sqLI Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqKAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqKE sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMO sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqTA sqZE Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqMY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZY Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTA sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNE sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNIA sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAI sqXIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqTE sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqMAI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTY sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqZO sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPO sqMU Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMIA sqPIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCE sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTO sqTY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMA sqCA Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCO sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqPIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqPI Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqPY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCE sqXE Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZU Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCE sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTA sqXA Downward
vPlays2 sqKE sqLI Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqTY sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPU sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqZI Upward
vPlays2 sqPY sqPO Downward
vPlays2 sqZI sqXI Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqZE sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNAI sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPU sqPAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZO sqXY Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqCO sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXO sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTE sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCO sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqNAI sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLU sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqMAI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNE sqNI Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqXAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMO sqPO Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZI sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTE sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqTA sqLI Upward
[Dat2AIo]
 -  -  -  -  -  - _2h_5k_6k
 - _!h_1h_6h_8k -  -  - _2k
_1h^5h - ^$h -  -  - _1k - 
_1k_4k^1k_8k_1h - _8h_4k_1h
 -  - _1h^1k_!k^1h_7k_2h^8h
 - ^7k - _1k_1h^#h -  -  - 
^4h^1k -  -  - _3h - ^1k - 
^7h^3k^5h -  - ^7h_3k -  - 
_2k^6k_1k^3h -  -  - _5k^4h
~~~
^#k_1h_6h

