vPlays3 sqZO sqXAI sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAI sqTI Upward
vPlays2 sqZY sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTI sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXIA sqZIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTAU sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqLU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqNIA Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqMI sqPU Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMAI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNI sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTO sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqKI sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLU Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqZA Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXI sqMA Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLI sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNU sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTY sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTY sqZAI Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCI Upward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMA sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLAI sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqMO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZA sqMA Downward
vPlays2 sqKY sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTI sqXA Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqTI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqLIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXI sqCI Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTY sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqZU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNA sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNAI sqLAI Downward
vPlays2 sqLY sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLA sqLE Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqLU sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKU sqNU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKA Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXI sqXE Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqNAU sqLIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqTU sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXE sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqTU sqMAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqKY sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTA sqXI Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqNE Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXI sqCE Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMO sqCY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXE sqZU Upward
vPlays2 sqMO sqXI Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqLY sqLAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqPAI sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZU sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXE sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMI sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNE sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqKE sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLAI sqNAU Downward
vPlays2 sqLO sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZA sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqTU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqXAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqNIA Upward
vPlays2 sqMA sqCA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqPI sqPE sqPA Upward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqNAU sqTIA Downward
vPlays2 sqKO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMAI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNA sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqKAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMI sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqLU sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqKU sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTE sqCO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqMAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqZE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXA sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqKIA sqKAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXI sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMY sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNI sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCU sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAI sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMU sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCO sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqXIA sqCAU Downward
vPlays2 sqPA sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMU sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqMY sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLAU sqLIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMY sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZE sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMU sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLE sqNE Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqME sqCA Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMY sqPAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqTO Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXY sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNO sqNU Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqMU sqMO Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqTY sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTO sqTE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqKI Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqTI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPAI sqPU Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqKA Downward
vPlays2 sqNAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZE sqXE Downward
vPlays2 sqMO sqCAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqZAI sqZAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqZAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqKI sqNI sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAU sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqTU sqZO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCIA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTIA sqLIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqCAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPI Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPY sqPO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZU sqTI Downward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqPAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXAI sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqZI Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLIA sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMO sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNI sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCU sqZO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTY sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqTI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqCU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqZI Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMU sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqPE sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqMY sqCAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqKAU sqLIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqTAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXY sqXU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqMO sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXY sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXAI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCE sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMY sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCU sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCAI sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLU sqLA Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqKIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqXAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLU sqTU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAI sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNI sqZA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqZY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMI sqCI Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMU sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqMIA sqMAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZY sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAI sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNE sqNI Downward
[Saup1]
_7k -  -  - ^4h_5h -  -  - 
 -  - ^1h - _#k^3k^1h_2h_7h
_2k - _8k - ^6h^1k - ^4h - 
^1k^5k - _2h - _8h^3h_1k^6k
^1k -  -  -  -  -  - ^1h - 
 - ^1h - ^!h_3h -  - ^1k^$h
^1h^6k - _1k^!k^8h^8k^6h^4k
 - ^2k^#h^1k - _1h -  - ^7k
^7h_3k -  -  - ^1k_1h^5h - 
~~~
_4k^1h_5k

