vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqTAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqNAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCAI sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqNAI sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZY sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLI sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNO sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCI sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCAI sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTO sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqCO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqXO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXE Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqZAI Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAU sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLA sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZY sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZY sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTO sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqPE sqTE Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqKAI sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqZU sqXO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqXIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLIA sqLU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqCU sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLA sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTAI sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqNAU sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAI sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqXU Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTAI sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXO sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNAI sqKO Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqXU sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMU sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPAI sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCI sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXU sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXU sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqZU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTO sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKI sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLI sqKE Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqXAI sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXA sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqTY sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXO sqPO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqPAU sqPIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCE sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqTAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNO sqKAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKE sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqLA sqNE sqKA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqLE sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqPIA sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqPIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNO sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCI sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTY sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXY sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqTY Upward
[Saup1]
 -  - _3h - ^1k_1k - _5k_6k
 -  - _6h_2h - _#k^4k - _7h
_1h - _1h_1k_8h^!k_1h - _1h
_!h -  -  -  - _8k -  -  - 
^4h -  - ^5h - ^#h -  - ^2h
 -  -  - ^8k - ^$h_1h - ^6h
_3k - ^1h^1k - ^1k - ^1k^1h
^7h_2k -  -  - _1k^8h^2k - 
 - ^5k^3k -  -  - ^3h^7k_7k
~~~
^4h_6k^5h_4k^1h_1k

