vPlays3 sqME sqPE sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqZAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTO sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPE Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNAU sqLAI Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCI sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLIA sqKIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCA sqMA Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZE sqTI Downward
vPlays2 sqNY sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqKI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqZE sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMO sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNI sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqNA sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKI sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqZO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqXU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKI sqKO Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXAI sqMIA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqMI sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKO sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqTE sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZU sqZI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqZIA sqXAU Downward
vPlays2 sqLY sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqTAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLY sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLI sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqTI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCAU sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPI sqPE sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqZA Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqLU Upward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqMAU sqCAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXAI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAI sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPE sqPA Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqXAU Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqNAI sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqXY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqME sqPE Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqZAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXY sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqXAI sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTO sqTAI Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTE sqNE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqXAI sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLO sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLA sqLE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqCA sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqNY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXA Downward
vPlays2 sqLIA sqTAI Upward
vPlays2 sqCAU sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqKO sqKY Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqZA Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqKAI Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqPAI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqLO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMY sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqLY sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMI sqMU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqXE sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTAI sqTI Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqXI Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXY sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqPO sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqKI sqKO Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqLAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKO sqKY Upward
vPlays2 sqKO sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKAU sqKAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqPAU sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLE sqNI Downward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqLIA Upward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMY sqMO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMI Downward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCI sqMU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXY sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCI sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqLY sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPO sqCO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTE sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXY sqMAU Upward
vPlays2 sqMIA sqMAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXU Upward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMIA Downward
vPlays2 sqTO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqXAU sqXIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNY sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNU sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCIA sqXAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqKE Upward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqMAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqKA Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqXAU sqXIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqKA sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqXAI sqCAI Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqXAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqNA Upward
vPlays2 sqNU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqXAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqLO sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZY sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqTU sqTO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXY sqXAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqMA Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqTO sqLI Downward
[Dat2AIo]
 - ^8k - _7k - _1k - ^$h^2k
^!k_6h -  -  -  -  -  - _7h
_1k_5h - ^5k_2h - _4k_1h^4k
 -  -  -  - _1k_8h -  -  - 
^1k^8h - ^2h^3k_8k -  - ^7k
^6k - ^7h - ^3h_#k^1h^1k^1k
 - ^1h -  - ^1k_2k -  - ^1h
^1h -  - _4h^1h - _4h_1h^3h
 - ^!h -  -  - ^3k_1h_5k^6h
~~~
_#h_1k^6k^5h

