vPlays3 sqZO sqTI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLE sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqTO sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqTA sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqCE Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLU sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqKAI sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqTI sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXO sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqZA Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqKY sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLO sqKO Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqCA Upward
vPlays2 sqKY sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqTAI sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKI sqLI Downward
vPlays2 sqPIA sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTY sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTY sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCO sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqNAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqXU sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPY sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqZU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqZI sqCA Downward
vPlays2 sqPU sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqPO sqPY Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXAI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCIA sqCAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMO sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZI sqNA Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqKE Downward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMAI sqMAU Downward
vPlays2 sqZI sqXU Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqLI Downward
vPlays2 sqNA sqZI Upward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqPIA Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqKE Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAU sqPAU Downward
vPlays2 sqXU sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMAI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqNAU sqXAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNA Upward
vPlays2 sqNU sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqXY sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMIA sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqZAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLIA sqLO Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAU sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAI sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqKAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAI sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLU sqLI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTE Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZY sqZU Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqPY sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqNO sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPI sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqPIA sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqZI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKIA sqLIA Downward
[Saup1]
_6h_5h^1h_8h -  -  -  - _6k
_4h_2h_1h^1h^7k_3k - ^4k_7h
^7k_2k_1h_1k^3h_1k - _1k_1h
^1h_1k_8k_#k - ^2k -  - ^!k
^1k_2h - ^$h -  -  - ^8h - 
 -  -  -  - ^8k_1h -  -  - 
 -  -  - ^1k^#h^1k_3h^1k^1h
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
^6k_7h^3k^5h -  - ^4k^6h - 
~~~
_5k_4h^5k_!h

