vPlays3 sqZO sqTI sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKA sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqNE sqKE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMA sqPA Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZI sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZA sqZE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLU Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqNAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTE sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNO sqNU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqMI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqKI sqKO Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTO sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqPAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNU sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqKA sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqKU sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqZU sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqTI Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqXI sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqKY sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXA sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqKY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLAI sqNY Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXI sqMO Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqTI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNY sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZAI sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqZO sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZO sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLY sqTO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXAI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqCA sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqMA sqME Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPI Downward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZU sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZAI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZU sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqKY sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTU sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPU sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTAU sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTU sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqXE sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTE sqTI Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZU sqZO Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXAI sqXO Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZO sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqME sqMA Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTO sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqPA sqMA sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZAU sqZIA Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTE sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKAU sqKAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays2 sqCA sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXO sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZU sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNE sqLE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMU Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMU sqPO Upward
vPlays2 sqPU sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqXAU sqCAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXO sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqTO Upward
[Saup1]
_6h -  -  - ^!h -  - ^6k - 
_7k - _#k_4k -  - ^2k -  - 
_1h_1k -  -  - _1k - ^3k_1h
 - ^1h - ^1k -  -  - ^1k - 
^$h^1h^2h^3k - _5h_1h - _1h
^1h -  - ^1k -  - ^8h - ^8h
^6k^1k -  -  - ^8k^3h^1k^1h
^7h^2h^#h^4h - ^1k - ^7k - 
 - ^5k_4h - _!k -  - ^5h^6h
~~~
^4k_3h^8k^7h^2k^5k

