vPlays3 sqZAI sqZO sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZO sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZI sqXU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqPAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTI sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqTU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqME sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXA sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqMI sqMO Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqNO Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCO sqZO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqPI sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqCO sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXY sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqME Upward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTU sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLE sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLE sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCO sqCU Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqNI Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCU sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCU sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZO sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqNAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPY sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqCIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPU sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPY sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqKI sqKY Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAI sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqME sqPA Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLY sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqPU sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqZY Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqXAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqZU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqKU Upward
vPlays2 sqKY sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqPA sqME sqCA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqXA Downward
vPlays2 sqKU sqLI Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqLU sqKU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqME sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTO sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqME sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMAI sqMO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqPE sqMA sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqLAU sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqLAU sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqNAI Downward
vPlays2 sqKU sqKI Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqNIA Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqNI Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqCE sqCU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNAU sqLIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCA sqPA Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLI sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNY sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqXAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKA sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNA sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqNA sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqZA sqTE Upward
vPlays2 sqKA sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCY sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqXU sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqXU sqNA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKIA Downward
vPlays2 sqZA sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPO sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqKAI sqKAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNO sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNO sqNIA Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMI sqCO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqKIA sqLAU Downward
vPlays2 sqMI sqPU Upward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCU sqMI Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqZU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCO sqPAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqXI sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMA sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqKAI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMA sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqMA sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqCU sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqTO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCY sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCY sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNO sqTU Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqCIA Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqCY sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCY sqPY Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqCY sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqCU sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqNAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXI Upward
vPlays2 sqPAI sqCIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqTA sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCO sqMO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLA Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMI sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTA sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNY sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCY sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTY sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqTY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZAU sqZIA Downward
vPlays2 sqNE sqTI Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqZU Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqZE Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqTY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAU sqPAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqLO sqNY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTO sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLU sqKU Downward
vPlays2 sqNA sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqTY sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLO sqKU Upward
vPlays2 sqZU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqPE sqMI sqCI Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqNU Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqLIA Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCIA sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqCY sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXI sqXE Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqCI Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqZO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqME sqXE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZE sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqCIA sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTU sqZI Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqLI Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLI sqNU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqPI sqPU sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqMI sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCY sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqPAU sqPIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqKI sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCIA sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqTY sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNA sqMA Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqZY Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqKA Upward
vPlays2 sqZY sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqPU sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKI sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCY sqCO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMO sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXO sqXY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXO sqCAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMY sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqMIA sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqPU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqMAU sqPAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqCY sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqCAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqPAU Downward
vPlays3 sqMA sqMO sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCAI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqKA sqNI sqKI Upward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXU sqZU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqPA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqXY sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqTO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAI Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqXAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqMY sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMY sqPO Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXU sqNA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqZE sqZA Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqZI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZY sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqMAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays2 sqKO sqKU Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqCU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMY sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLU sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLI sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCY sqCAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLO sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCY sqCO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTO sqZU Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqZIA Downward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPU sqPO Upward
vPlays2 sqNY sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqTY sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCY sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqMY sqME Upward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqMAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqLAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqKY sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNIA sqLAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLU sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCO sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqZY sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqMAI sqPY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLU sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqKI sqKE Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLA sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAU sqZAU Upward
[Saup1]
 - ^1h -  - _#k - ^3k - _3h
 - ^$h^1k - _7k_6k - ^6h - 
^5k -  - _7h^!h_5h -  -  - 
 - _1k - _1k -  -  - ^4k^8k
 - _1k_1h^1k -  - ^2k - ^6k
_8h -  - _1k_5h^2h - _1h^3h
 - _7h -  - _2k_1h_1h_!k - 
_6h_8h^1k - ^2h -  -  - _3k
_1h^4k^1h - _7k^1h^#h -  - 
~~~
^5k^4h_4h_1k_8k

