vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTI sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqNAI sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNO sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLO sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXA sqZE Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTAI sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXAI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTO sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNY sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTY sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTU sqTI Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqCAU Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAI sqNY Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqXA Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqKAI sqKO Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLY sqLU Upward
vPlays2 sqLE sqLI Downward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPAI sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqXAU sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqLY sqTY Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqKO sqKU Upward
vPlays2 sqZU sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqMA sqCA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPY Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqLU Upward
vPlays2 sqMA sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqZY Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZY sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqXAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqLAU sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCY sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZO sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqLU sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqZY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCY sqXO Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqTY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTY sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLA sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZU sqTI Upward
[Dat2AIo]
 - _5h_3h - _3k - _6k -  - 
_7k -  - ^1h_8k_4h_2h - _7h
 -  - _1h^8h - _5k_1h_1k_1h
_1h -  -  - _8h_1k - ^4k - 
^1k_6h^4k - ^3k -  -  - ^1k
 -  -  - ^8k^2k - ^1h^3h^1k
^1h - ^$h - ^1k^1k - ^1k^1h
^7h^6k -  - ^!k^4h -  - ^7k
 - ^5k -  - ^#h -  - ^5h^6h
~~~
^#k^2k^2h^!h

