vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqCY sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXY sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqZI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAI sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqPO sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqTU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXY sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqME Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqPI sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqZU sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXU sqZU Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqCU sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXY sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMU sqMY Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMY sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXY sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTU sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqCY sqCAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqZAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqME Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCY sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZAU sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqLAU sqKIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqKAU sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCO sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqNI sqNE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqKAU sqKIA Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqNU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLI sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqNAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqTO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMAI sqMAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqLU Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLE sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKY sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqKIA sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLAI sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqZIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZIA sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqZAU sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqKAU sqKAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMY sqXU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqZAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAU sqTIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqTE sqZA Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAU sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKAI sqKAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqNAU sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqZO sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqCY sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLY sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqKAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNY sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqZI sqZE Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqTY sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMY sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqCY sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZAU sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTY sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAI sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqZAU sqTAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqCO Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMI sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAU sqCAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAU sqZIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNO sqZAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAI sqPAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqNO sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqCIA Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqLAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqNO sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqPO sqPY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNY sqLY Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqXIA sqXAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays2 sqCY sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNY sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqCO sqCU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKA sqTU Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXO sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNY sqKAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXIA sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqPU sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqKY sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKY sqKIA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNU sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqKY sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqCY Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXY Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKY sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLY sqTU Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqZY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMI Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqMIA sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNAI sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZAU sqXAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqTAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqKAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqZAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXO sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNU sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNY sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqNY sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqKAU sqLIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNY sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNY sqZAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqKAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZAI sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqZY Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqKO Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqMI Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNY sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKE sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXO sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqNY sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCU sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLIA sqKIA Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqTAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXAI Downward
vPlays2 sqCU sqCO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPAI sqMY Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_8k_5h_4h -  -  -  -  - _6k
_7k -  - ^1h^7h_1h - ^2k - 
^2k_1k -  - _!k_1k - _7h_1h
_7k - _6h - _1h - ^1k^8h^1h
_5k -  -  -  -  - ^2h_5k - 
_3k - _4k - ^$h^1k_4k^#h - 
 -  -  -  - ^2h_1k - ^1k^1h
_8k -  - _3k^3h -  -  - _1h
 - _3h_8h - ^4h_1k - ^5h^6h
~~~
^#k_1k^6k^!h^1h

