vPlays3 sqZAI sqZO sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqMU sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTAI sqLIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqZE Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTE sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqMY Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqLY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLU sqKY Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqLU sqLI Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqKI sqKE Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqMO sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLU sqKO Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqKO sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLO sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqLAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqTO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqLY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNAI sqZIA Downward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h -  - _8h - _5k - _5k_6k
 - _2k_1h_4k^$h_4h_8k_2h_7h
_1h -  - _1k - _#k_1h_1k_1h
 -  - _1k - _4h_1k_3h -  - 
 - _7k - ^5h -  -  -  - ^4k
^2h^1h -  - ^8h -  - _!k - 
^1h^1k^3k^1k^!h^1k^1h^1k^1h
^7h^6k -  -  -  -  - ^6h^7k
 - _5h - ^8k_3k - ^3h -  - 
~~~
_#h_2k

