vPlays3 sqZO sqTI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZAI sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZY sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAI sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCU sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqNY sqNAI Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAU sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqLAI sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLO sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTY sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCU sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqTY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTY sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTY sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTY sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTU sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqXE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqTU sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqNIA sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqCY sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLO sqTAI Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqZIA sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqXO Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLY sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqLY sqZIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqMAI sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTY sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqKIA sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqZI Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqCAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMU sqPI Downward
vPlays2 sqLA sqKA Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCY sqPY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqXAI Downward
vPlays2 sqKA sqNA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCU sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqZY sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCU sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqNIA sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCU sqMU Upward
[Mok1Mok1]
 -  - ^2h -  -  -  -  - _6k
_7k_1k - _#k_8h_8k_8k - _7h
_1h_1k - _1k_4h_1k - _1k_4k
 - ^#h_1h - _2h - _1h^2k_1h
 - ^5k^6k -  -  -  - ^1h - 
^7h^1h - ^1k^6h^$h -  -  - 
^1h^1k -  -  - _5k - ^1k^1h
 - ^4h -  - ^8h - ^!k^2k^7k
 -  - ^3k - ^4k - ^3h^5h^6h
~~~
^!h^3k^3h^5h

