vPlays2 sqZO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqCAI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNI sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqZO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMY Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNE sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAU sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqXAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqZI sqXU Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqLE sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqTE sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNA sqLE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqTI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMA sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMY sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqZA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAU sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqKA Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKI sqLU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLO sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKO sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqME sqPA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMA sqCA Downward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqNY sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqNY sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTY sqTO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqZAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNAI sqME Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZU sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCO sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqMI sqCI Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqTU sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqPI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAU sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNO sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNY sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPO sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqPU sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCO sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXU sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqCI Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_4k_5h - ^$h_2h - _8k_5k_3k
_7k - _8h -  -  -  -  -  - 
_1h_1k_1h_1k_2k_1k^4k_1k - 
 -  - ^6k -  - ^!k -  - ^3h
_4h^7h -  -  -  - ^1h - _1h
^1h - ^1h -  -  -  -  -  - 
 - ^1k^1k^1k_3h - ^8h^1k^1h
^7h^2h_6h^4h^8k^#h^2k - ^7k
^6k^5k^3k -  -  -  - ^5h^6h
~~~
^#k_!h^1h

