vPlays2 sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqKAI sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqLO sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqZAI sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTAU sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqNI sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZO sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZI sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqNU Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h_5h_3h_8h -  - _3k_5k_6k
_7k_2k -  -  -  - _8k_2h_7h
_1h_1k_1h_1k^$h_1k - _1k_1h
 - _4k^3k -  -  -  - _1h - 
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - _4h
 -  -  -  - _!k -  - ^4k - 
^1h^1k - ^1k^!h^1k^1h^1k^1h
^7h^2h^1h^4h -  - ^#h^2k^7k
^6k^5k - ^8k - ^8h^3h^5h^6h
~~~
^#k

