vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqZE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqCI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqPI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNU sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMO sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXAI sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqMY sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCO sqTO Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqMU sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXI sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqNE sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqZAI sqXAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZI sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNAI sqZIA Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqCO sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLE sqNI Downward
vPlays2 sqLU sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqPIA sqPAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNU sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqNAI sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqKU sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMI sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqTY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqCIA Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqTAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCU sqCE Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h -  -  -  - _8k_3k_5k_6k
_7k - _2k - ^!h^1k^2h_2h_7h
_1h_1k_4k_1k_!k_1k -  -  - 
 -  - _1h -  -  - _1h - _1h
_8h_5h_4h -  - _3h - ^5h^2k
 - ^$h - ^1k -  -  -  -  - 
^1h^1k^1h - ^4h^1k^1h^1k^1h
 -  -  - ^#h^3h -  - ^4k^6h
^6k^5k^3k^8k^7h^8h^7k -  - 
~~~
^#k

