vPlays3 sqZO sqTAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAU sqLIA Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqLAU sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqNAI sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTY sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNU sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNU sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqKU sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTO sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqPA Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLAI sqLIA Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTIA sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZAI sqZIA Downward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h_5h_3h_5k_#k_8k_3k - ^7h
_7k_2k - _4k_2h_4h -  - _7h
_1h_1k - _1k - _1k - _1k_1h
 -  - _8h_1h -  - _1h^2k^3k
 -  -  - ^5k -  -  -  -  - 
 -  -  -  -  - ^1k -  -  - 
^1h^1k^1h^1k^!h - ^1h^1k^1h
 - ^2h - ^4h - ^4k -  - ^7k
^6k^$h - ^8k_!k^8h^3h^5h^6h
~~~
_#h^6k

