vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqZI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTE sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTA sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqMAU sqNI Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKI sqKAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqXA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLI sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLA sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAU sqMAU Upward
[Saup1]
_6h^2h - _8h_#k^3h_3k_5k_6k
_7k -  -  - _3h_4h - _2h_7h
_1h_1k^$h_1k - _1k_1h_1k_1h
 -  -  -  - _1h -  -  -  - 
 -  -  - _!k -  - ^1h^1h - 
 -  -  - _2k - ^4h -  -  - 
_2k^1k^1h^1k^!h^1k - ^1k^1h
^7h^6k -  -  -  -  - ^6h^7k
 - ^5k^3k^8k^#h^8h^4k^5h - 
~~~
^4k^5h^8k

