vPlays3 sqZO sqZAI sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTO sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLI sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTU sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTU sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqLY sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqZAI sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZO sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqTI sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqZO sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqXE sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPIA sqMIA Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAU sqLIA Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqKIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqNAU sqZY Upward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqKY Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqNAU sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXA sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqTA sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTO sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqPO Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqPA sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNIA sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXO sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqME Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZIA sqCIA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAI sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAU sqKAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZAI sqTAU Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqLAU sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXU sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMY sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLAU sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZE sqXE Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKI sqKU Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNAI sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZU sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLO sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTU sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMY sqPAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTY sqLU Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNU sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqXI sqCE Upward
vPlays2 sqNY sqLO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKY sqKO Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqKY sqKAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqPA Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqPA sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLY sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTY sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCO sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLY sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTO sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqKU sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZIA sqXIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTY sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCO sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCY sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqKA sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTU sqXY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqNIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCIA Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqMAU sqPAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqXU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKE Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKAI sqKAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqPAU sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqCY sqMO Downward
vPlays2 sqPU sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMY sqPAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNO sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqZI Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCAI sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqKAU sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqMAU sqMAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqZAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMY sqPAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqME Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqMA Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqZE sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAI sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqXU sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqMO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqZY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAI sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXAI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZE sqTE Upward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAU sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqMAU sqPIA Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZE sqZI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqPAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXU sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqKI sqKU sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXU sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMU sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqXE Upward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqMIA Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXU sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqNI Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCY sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCIA sqCAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqCY sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCA sqXA Upward
vPlays2 sqMA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqKO sqKAU Upward
[Dat2AIo,Saup1]
 -  -  - ^2h^1h^7k_!h - _6k
^1k_6h -  - ^1h - ^$h - ^5h
 - _1k_2k - _4k - _1h - _1h
 - _7k^8h -  - ^1k - _1k_3k
_1h - ^4h_7h^3h -  -  -  - 
 - ^1k_1h - ^#h -  - ^8k - 
 -  - _1k^1k -  - ^2h -  - 
^6k^!k^1k^8h -  -  - _1h_3k
^5h^8k^3h - ^4k - _1h_6h_4h
~~~
^#k_7h^5k_2k^5k

