vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqXU sqTO Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPU sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqPY sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKAI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqLY sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNY sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqNAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPI sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqPIA sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZU sqZIA Downward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h_5h_3h - _#k_8k_3k_5k_6k
_7k_2k_8h_4k - _4h_1h - _7h
_1h - _1h_1k - _1k - _1k_1h
 -  - ^$h - ^!h -  -  -  - 
 - _1k - ^5h -  -  -  - ^1h
 -  - ^1h -  -  -  -  - _2h
^1h^1k^8h^1k - ^1k^1h^1k - 
^7h^2h - ^4h - ^4k - ^2k^7k
^6k^5k^3k^8k_!k - ^3h^6h - 
~~~
_#h

