vPlays2 sqZO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTU sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqTAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNO sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZY sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMAI sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqXAU sqKI Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTU sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXU sqXO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZO sqZE Upward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqME sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqNE Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLA sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqLAI sqLY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAU sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqME sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqNU sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTE sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZO sqZAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNE Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNE sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqMIA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqMIA sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCY sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZO sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLE sqKA Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqCAI sqCIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqXAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqME sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPY Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZO sqPO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqNE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTA sqTE Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqZAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTE sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNE sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqZI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZI sqTE Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNI Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTE sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqMIA sqMO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZE sqXE Downward
vPlays2 sqLO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMIA sqXIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqXO sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXO sqMO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMO sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqNI sqTE Upward
vPlays2 sqMO sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqZA Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqKU Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqCAI sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqZO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCAI sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPA sqMA Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqLAU sqXU Upward
[Saup1]
^3h_5h - _1k_#k - _2h^6h_6k
 - _4k_8h^4k_1k -  -  -  - 
 - ^$h_1k -  -  -  - ^6h_1h
_7k^1h - ^7k^7h^3k_1h - _1k
 - _1k -  -  - _!k -  -  - 
 - ^1k -  - ^2k -  -  -  - 
^1h^2h - ^1h^1h^3k^1h - ^1h
^7h^4h - _!h_1k -  - _2k - 
^6k^5k - ^#h^8k^8h - ^5h - 
~~~
^4h_8k^5k_1k^3h

