vPlays2 sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNY sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqLI sqNE Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAI sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZI sqZE Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXE sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTAU sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqNU sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMI sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqNAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqMA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLA sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAI sqCO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqCY sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPA sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZO sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMA sqCA Downward
vPlays2 sqNAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqZI sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqXAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqZI sqXE Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqKY Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqLY Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqMO Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNU sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqPA sqPE Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPI sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLY sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCIA sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCE sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLY sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqPAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqTY sqCIA Downward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h_5h - _8h -  - ^3h - _6k
 -  -  - _4k_1h_3h_4k_8k^$h
_1h - _1h_1k_!k -  - _1h_1h
_7k - _1k - _#k - _1k -  - 
^3k -  - _5k - ^8h - _1k_7h
^2h^4h^8k^2h^!h - ^1h -  - 
^1h^1k - ^1k - ^1k - ^1k^1h
^7h -  -  -  -  - ^2k - ^7k
^6k^5k -  -  -  - _4h^5h^6h
~~~
_#h^2k^3k

