vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqTY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTO sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqPAU sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTO sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqTO sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNY sqLY Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTI sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZY sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZU sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqLAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAU sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTAI sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCO sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXO sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKAI sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXI sqTE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZU Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLI Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTE sqTA Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqPO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqTU sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCY sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqXY Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h -  - _1k_4k_8k_3k_5k_6k
_7k^6k - ^$h_!k_4h -  - _7h
 - _5h_1h -  - _1k_1h_1k - 
 - _1k^3h^4h_8h_3h_2h - _1h
 -  -  - _8k -  - ^1h - ^2k
 -  -  - ^#h^!h^3k_1h - ^7k
^1h^1k^1h^1k - ^1k^4k^1k^1h
 - ^2h^7h -  - ^2k -  -  - 
 - ^5k - ^5h -  - ^8h - ^6h
~~~
^#k

