vPlays3 sqZO sqTI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqPE sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZI sqXU Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqTO Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZI sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTI sqXI Upward
vPlays2 sqNU sqKU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqTU Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqXAU Downward
vPlays2 sqXI sqMA Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqNAI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLY sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqNAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqLO sqLI Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqLU Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCU sqXU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXE sqXAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAU sqXIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqLE sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqNY sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqLAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZY sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqTY Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTU sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqCA sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTU sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqTAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCY sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqTY sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZY sqTU Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTU sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqXU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqTAU sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqZU sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqCY sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPI sqPU Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqCI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCU sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqTE sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMY sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPO sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMY sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqCY sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXAI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqTAI sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTO sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAU sqLY Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqMU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqLIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqTY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXU sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNY sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqXU sqZI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAU sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqLAI sqKY Upward
vPlays2 sqKY sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqKAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKO sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLA sqLAI Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays2 sqLAI sqLI Downward
vPlays2 sqCU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqKU sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqZAI sqKI Upward
vPlays2 sqKY sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLY sqNO Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqLAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXIA Downward
vPlays2 sqPAI sqPY Upward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTO sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqXIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMU sqCO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqCY sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAU sqPAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZAI sqZAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNI sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNO sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNY sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPY sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMI sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCO sqMY Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCAI sqXAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqTAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLO sqNAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqXAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqZAI sqZY Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqZY sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqZAI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZY sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqZY sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqLA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNY sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZY sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqCAI sqCIA Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqCO sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqME sqMA Downward
vPlays2 sqPY sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXE sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTO sqZU Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCAI sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqCY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqTAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqKO sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCY sqMAI Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqMAU sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZY sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAU sqMIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqNY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqNY sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZY sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqNAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCIA sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqZY sqPY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqCE Downward
[Saup1]
 - ^1k_4k_8h - _2h_3k_7h_6k
_7k_6h^5h - ^!h_5k_8h_!k - 
_2k_1k - _1k -  - ^1h_1k_1h
 -  - ^4k^4h -  -  -  -  - 
^3h - ^1h^8k -  -  -  - ^1h
 -  - ^1k - ^1k -  -  - _2h
^1h -  - _3h^$h - ^1h - ^6h
 - ^7h^#h^8k -  -  - ^2k - 
^6k -  -  - ^1k_1h^7k_#k^1h
~~~
_4h^5k_5h_1k_3k

