vPlays2 sqMAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqPAI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqZO sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqTO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqZY sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTY sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqPAI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNI sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqTI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqKAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXE sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAU sqZIA Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTI sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXAI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqMIA sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXY sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXAI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZI sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqLY Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqNI Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqKY Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCA sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCIA sqZIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZI sqZE Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqCIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqKA sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqXE Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAU sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqNU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTY sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXI sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqMY sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqXA Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXI sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXI sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqCE sqMA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqZY sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqLIA sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqCE sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPY sqMAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXAI sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqXAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNU sqTO Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCA sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLI sqTO Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h_7k - _1h - _8k_3k - _6k
 -  - _8h - _2k -  - _2h_7h
_1h_1k - _1k_1k_5h^$h_1k_1h
 - _1h - ^5k -  - _3h_1h - 
 -  - ^#h^3k -  -  - ^1k_2h
^4k_4h - ^1k^3h - ^1h - ^7k
^1h^1k - ^5k^!k^1k - ^8h^1h
^7h -  - ^4h - ^4k^6h -  - 
^6k -  -  -  - ^2k^8k^5h - 
~~~
^#k_!h

