vPlays2 sqZO sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKI sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqPA sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqNO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKI sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNO sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXO sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqZAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXO sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqNI Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXI sqTA Downward
vPlays2 sqLY sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCE sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqXIA Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCY sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCY sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAU sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPAI sqPY Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqNIA Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqLE Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqKI sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLU sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqCU sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTA Downward
vPlays2 sqNAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXE sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqXI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTAI sqNAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqLAU sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLY sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNAI sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLY sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXU sqMY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqKU Downward
vPlays2 sqKY sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMA Upward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqNAU sqKAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCU sqCI Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h -  - _5k_8h - _3k^1h - 
 -  - _2k_4k_8k_4h_7h - _6k
_1h_4h - _1k_!k - ^1k_1k_1h
_3k_1k_3h_1h -  - ^1h^2k - 
 -  -  - _5h - _1k -  -  - 
 - ^1k -  -  -  -  - ^7h - 
^1h - ^1h^1k^!h^8h - ^1k^1h
_7k^#h^$h - ^2h^4k -  - ^7k
^6k -  - ^8k^2h^5k^3h^5h^6h
~~~
^#k

