vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTAI sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqXE sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZU sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNE sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqXAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCI sqME Downward
vPlays2 sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPA sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKAU sqKAI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqPA sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqLE Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqTA Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPO sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTA sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqPI sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPI sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqZAI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqZU Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqXIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXU sqKU Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXY sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCY sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqMO sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLU sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMO sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZE sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLU sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqCY sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqXY sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqXU sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMO sqMAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKE Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLA sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqCU sqCI Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqCU sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqZY sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqME sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPAI sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKA sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXY sqCAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqXU sqMU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCI sqXO Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqZO Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLA sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCO sqXAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqCO sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqZY Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNI sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZY sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqCE sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAI sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXY sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqNAI sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNIA sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqXY sqXAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqKAI sqKIA Downward
vPlays3 sqKAI sqKY sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCAU sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLU sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqNU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqCAI sqMAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqKAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMU sqPI Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqZA Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqPO Upward
vPlays2 sqMA sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqXU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqLA sqZA Downward
[Saup1]
_7k_5h -  - _2h -  -  -  - 
 -  - _#k_8h_!h -  - _3k_6k
^!k_6h - _1k - _5k^7h_1k_8k
 - _1k^3k^2k - _1k - _1h_1h
^4h_2h -  -  -  - ^1h^1k^4k
^1h^6k^1h -  - ^1k -  -  - 
 - ^1k_1h^1k - _3h^8k - ^1h
^7h -  - ^1h -  - ^4k^8h - 
^$h - ^7k^2k^#h - ^3h^5h^6h
~~~
_4h_5k

