vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZY sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqZU Upward
vPlays2 sqLE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqZY sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMAI sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNA sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNAI sqLAI Downward
vPlays2 sqMO sqCU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCU sqZU Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqPAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZAI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMY sqPY Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTAU sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqXO sqTI Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMAI sqCAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAU sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZY sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqNAI sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqLA sqKE Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqCIA sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLU sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCAI sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqKI sqKU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqPE sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCAI sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMU sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqZE Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqZAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNAI sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMO sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPO sqPAI Downward
vPlays2 sqMO sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqXAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqMI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNO sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqLAI sqTIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZAU sqXIA Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCU sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXI sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZAU sqTAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqNY sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqTY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqPU Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTU sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqMA sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqZY sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqZY sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZY sqXAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqCAI Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLU sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCO sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZY sqZU Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXU sqCO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqZIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNAU sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNO sqNU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTU sqZU Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqMAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZO sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNO sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZU sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNY sqLO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZO sqPA Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKO sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXAI sqXIA Downward
vPlays2 sqMIA sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqTAI sqTAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqZU Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqPA sqME Upward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXE Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAU sqTIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqTI Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLIA sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLU sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAU sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqLO sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXY sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqNY sqXI Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCE sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTY sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPU sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLA sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqNU sqNO Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqTAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqXU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTE Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZY sqXO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqCI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqMY sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNU sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqTU Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqNY Downward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqCY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAU sqKIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqPE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqKAI sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNY sqKU Downward
vPlays2 sqMI sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNO sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqZAI Downward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAU sqTIA Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqLAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqPO sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMO sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMY sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMU sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMU sqPI Downward
vPlays2 sqXI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLA sqLE Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqNAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAU sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqCIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqPO Upward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqZIA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAU sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMO sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqMO sqPO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPIA Upward
vPlays2 sqNU sqXA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqPO sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqCE sqMI Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqTI Downward
vPlays2 sqLE sqLA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNA Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPY sqMAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqPA Upward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqMY sqMAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTY sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqMI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMY sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqLO sqXA Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqNY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMU sqCI Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNI sqLE Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZU sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNE sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqKO sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZU sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNO sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqZU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTU sqTI Downward
vPlays2 sqXU sqMI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNU sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqKY sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCY sqCAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCE sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqXA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLU sqNO Downward
[Dat2AIo,Saup1]
_6h^7h -  - ^$h - _2h_5k^5h
 - _1h - ^1h - _6k_3h_1k_8k
 -  - ^1k_8k -  - ^3h -  - 
_3k_1k_1h - _#k -  - _4h_8h
_2k^1k_4k -  -  -  -  - _1h
^7k -  -  -  - ^1h^!h -  - 
^1h -  - ^1k_4k^5h^6k - _1h
^7h_7k^8h -  - ^2k - _2h - 
 - ^5k_1h - _!k - _3k - ^1k
~~~
_#h_1k_1k_6h_4h

