vPlays3 sqZO sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqLU sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZY sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXO sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqZO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXO sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTY sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqME sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMU sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqXE sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqPI sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLA sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqCE sqCA Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCO sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCAI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZO sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqMA sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTI sqTE Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXO sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMO sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqXAI Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqLY Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMO sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqZO sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNA sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqXA sqTA Upward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXO sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXO sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqPO sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMU sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTU sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays2 sqNY sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMA sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNI sqXI Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqTY Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNO sqKO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqPY sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTU sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqNO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNI sqKO Downward
vPlays2 sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNO sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqCI sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNI sqLI Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLI sqKU Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMI Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqZIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNE sqLA Upward
[Saup1]
_6h^3k_3h^2h -  -  - _5k - 
_7k_2k_#k -  - _4h -  - ^1k
_1h - _1h - _8h^7h - _1h_1h
^$h -  - _8k -  - ^2h_1k - 
 -  - ^!k_1k - ^1k - _6k^1h
 - ^1k -  -  -  - ^1h^4k_1h
^1h^7h - ^1k^!h^8k - ^1k - 
 -  -  -  - ^3k^2k -  - ^7k
^6k^5k - ^#h_4h^8h^3h^5h^6h
~~~
^5h_1k^4k

