vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZI sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqZA Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNIA sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqME sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMU sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXAI sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqCO sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqLE Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqTAI sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTU sqTA Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMU sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqZU sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqZE Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h_5h -  -  - _8k - _5k_6k
_7k_3h - _8h^2k_4h -  - _7h
_1h_1k_1h - _!k_1k -  - _1h
 -  -  - _1k^#h_4k - _1k - 
 -  -  -  -  -  - _1h -  - 
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - ^$h
^1h_3k^1h^1k - ^1k^1h_2h^1h
^7h - ^8k - ^!h^4h^8h^2k^7k
^6k^5k^3k - ^4k - ^3h^5h^6h
~~~
^#k_1k_1k_2h

