vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXU sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqPE sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqPE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXY sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqXY sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqZI Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMAI sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLY sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXA sqMA Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXAU sqZAU Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLU sqLI Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqLAI Upward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqMIA sqXAI Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqMAI sqXIA Upward
vPlays2 sqPE sqME Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqZI Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqTI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZO sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNE sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqTO sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLY sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZE sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqXAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqXU sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTO sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqZO sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCO sqXO Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqMIA Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMI Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCO sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXAI sqCAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCIA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCAI sqCAU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqPA sqTA Downward
vPlays2 sqCAU sqMY Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqZI sqTI Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqLO Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqZI sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXU sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqXY sqZO Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqMIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqMA Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqXO Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXO sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqMA sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZU sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqNY sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCU sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXY sqTU Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h_5h_3h - _2h -  -  - _6k
_7k_2k_8k -  -  -  - _7h - 
 - _3k_4k_2h^$h -  - _8h_1h
_1h_1h - ^4k_1k^1k_1h^1k - 
^8k_!h -  -  -  - ^1h - _5k
 -  - ^1k^1k - _1k -  -  - 
^1h^8h^1h -  - ^5k - ^1k^1h
^7h^4h - ^4h -  -  -  - ^7k
^6k - ^3k^#h - ^5h_1k^3h^6h
~~~
^#k_2k^!k

