vPlays3 sqZO sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAI sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMU sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCI sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqNAU sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTY sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXI sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqKAI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqCE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTO sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqXA Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCO sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTU sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqPI sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqKA sqLA Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqZY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTAU sqNIA Upward
vPlays2 sqMY sqPY Downward
vPlays2 sqPIA sqPAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTI sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqMI sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqCY sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqPE sqPI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMO sqMAU Downward
vPlays2 sqMO sqPO Upward
vPlays2 sqKO sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqXO Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqPO sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNAU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqTI sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCIA sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqCAI sqXAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqNAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqKI sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqZAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCO sqMO Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCO sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNU sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqZO sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCO sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXI sqXU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXU sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqNI sqLI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNU sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqCO sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCO sqMO Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTO sqTY Downward
[Dat2AIo]
 - _6h - _8h - ^5k_3k - _6k
_7k -  -  -  - _4h_2k -  - 
_#k^1k -  - ^5h_1k -  - _1h
^1h - _2h - ^2h -  -  - _1k
_1h^7h - _5k - _8k_1h^$h - 
 -  -  - _2k_3h - _1k -  - 
^1h^1k - ^1k^!h^1k_4k - ^1h
^7h^8h^1h -  - ^8k - ^4k^6h
^6k - ^1h - ^4h - ^3h^5h - 
~~~
_#h_3k^!k^1k_7k

