vPlays3 sqZO sqTAI sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLAI sqNAU Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqLAU sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAI sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqXY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNO sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqZA sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqZA sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZO sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqXAU sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZAI sqXAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTY sqNO Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqZI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqXO sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCU sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMO sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqKI sqKE Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNU Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPAI sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCIA sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqZI sqPAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPY sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPY sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTU sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMI sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqTU sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTO sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTU sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTU sqTO Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPY sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMAI sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqZAI sqZAU Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCY sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqCAI sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqCAU sqXAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXO sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCU sqMU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqXE sqLE Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqZA Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCU sqCO Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqNA Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqLY Downward
vPlays2 sqPAU sqPAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqPY sqMAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqPAI sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAI sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMY sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXO sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqLY sqNAI Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqXY Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqTIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqXAU sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNAU sqLIA Downward
vPlays2 sqZA sqCI Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h_5h^2k^7h -  -  -  - _6k
^1h_2k -  -  - _4h_8k_2h_7h
^3h_1k - _1k^!h_1k^5k_1k_1h
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
 -  -  - ^8h - ^1k -  -  - 
_1h_1k -  -  - ^$h -  - ^1h
^1h^1k_4k^1k -  - ^1h_3k^7k
 - ^2h^1h^4h^8h_7k -  -  - 
^6k_4k^3k - ^#h - ^3h^5h - 
~~~
^#k_5k^1h_8k_6h^!k

