vPlays3 sqZO sqXI sqZU Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZI sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqZAI sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTY sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqKA sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqPE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqNAU sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXO sqXAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqKY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqTI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqKO sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTY sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPI sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKE sqKA Downward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTIA sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqTU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCI sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTY sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTE sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTI sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqNAU sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqTE sqNI Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqNAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqXIA sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLU sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCY sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqPI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqCAI sqCY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqMY sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMU sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKAU sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqMU sqCI Downward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTU sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqLIA sqNIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXE sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXE sqCI Downward
vPlays2 sqCI sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLU sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqZY sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAI sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqLE sqNE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKA Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTY sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqKO sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqXE sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCE sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqMI sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTY sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTAI sqZAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCO sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTU sqNE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqMAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqKY Upward
vPlays2 sqNU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTY sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqZAI sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqZI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqNI Downward
vPlays2 sqMI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqKI sqKU Downward
vPlays2 sqCE sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLO sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqLU sqTE Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqZU Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqKAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTO sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqTU sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqTI sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqMAU sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqKU sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqTAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqCY sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTA sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLY sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTU sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqTE Upward
vPlays2 sqNO sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqMI Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqPY sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCI sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTY sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqLAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTE sqXE Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqTAU Downward
vPlays2 sqXE sqMA Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqNA sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKAI sqLAI Upward
vPlays2 sqNA sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqMA sqCE Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqXE Downward
vPlays2 sqXE sqCA Upward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqTIA Downward
[Dat2AIo]
^1h -  - _1h -  - ^$h - _6k
_7k_6h_#k^8k_3h -  -  - _7h
_4k_5k -  - ^!h - _4k - _1h
 - _8h_1h -  - ^3h^5h_2k - 
_1k^1k - _1k -  - ^8h - _4h
 - ^2k_5k^4h^1k - ^1k^1k^8k
^1h - ^1h^2h^1k -  - _1h^1h
^!k_3k^7h -  -  -  -  - ^7k
 -  -  - _6k -  -  - ^5h^6h
~~~
_#h^2h^1k_3k

