vPlays3 sqZO sqXI sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays2 sqMY sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCU sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCI sqZO Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqXU Downward
vPlays2 sqNY sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqPE sqTE Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqLE sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLU sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLY sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqXY sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqKO sqNO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTY sqTO Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTI sqZE Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMY sqPY Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqMA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTE sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqTI sqTO Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXY sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCO sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTY sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqCE sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLAI sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqCO sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqLU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNE sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPU sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqKY sqKY sqLO Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqXAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqMAI Downward
vPlays2 sqMO sqMU Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNY sqTAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqKI sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqLAU sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAI sqTO Upward
vPlays2 sqXY sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNAI sqNAU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqKAU Upward
vPlays2 sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqCE sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMU sqMO Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqTE Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqNAU sqTY Downward
vPlays2 sqTO sqZO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqTE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqZO sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqZY sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqTO sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqLU sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNE sqNA Upward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqMAU sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLA sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqMU sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKI sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZO sqXO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqKE Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLU sqLY Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqNE sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLA sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqNI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqLE sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqKI sqKU Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZU Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqCAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqNE sqNO Upward
vPlays2 sqZU sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLI sqKI Upward
vPlays2 sqLY sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZE sqZY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLI sqNE sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNE sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXIA sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqZE sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZE sqXE Upward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqCAU Downward
[Saup1]
 - _8k - _8h -  - _6k_5k - 
 -  - _1h^$h_2h^2h_1h - _7h
^3k -  - _#k - _1k_5h -  - 
 -  - _1k -  -  -  - ^1k_1h
_6h_3h^7h -  - _!k - _1k^3h
_7k - ^1h -  -  - ^1h^6h - 
^1h^1k_1h^1k - ^1k -  - ^1h
^1k^4h -  - ^3k^8k_4k - ^7k
^6k - _4h -  - ^8h^#h^5h - 
~~~
_4k_5k^2k^2k_!h

