vPlays3 sqZO sqZI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqXAU sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMAI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAU sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMU sqCO Downward
vPlays2 sqCO sqPO Upward
vPlays2 sqPI sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqPAU sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMU sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqCAI sqCAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqTY sqKY Upward
vPlays2 sqCA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqMAU sqPAU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqTAU Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqTAI Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqZAI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNY sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqCO sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqNIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZI sqZA Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h - _3h_8h^!h_8k - _5k_6k
_7k_2k - _4k -  -  - _4h_7h
_1h_1k - _1k_!k_1k_1h -  - 
 - _1h_3k -  - _2h_1k - _1h
 - _5h -  -  -  - ^$h -  - 
^2k^2h^1h -  -  -  -  -  - 
^1h^1k -  -  - ^1k - ^1k^1h
^7h^#h - ^4h^8k^4k - ^6h^3h
^6k^5k^3k -  - ^8h - ^5h^7k
~~~
^#k_1h_1k

