vPlays3 sqZO sqTI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTI sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqXI sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXO sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqPAU sqCAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTI sqNE Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqKI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNE sqNA Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTI sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqKO Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqLAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPI sqPY Downward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqTU Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLAI sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqCIA Upward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqZAU sqXIA Downward
vPlays3 sqTU sqCAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqZIA sqCIA Upward
vPlays2 sqPY sqPO Downward
vPlays2 sqCAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqZA sqXA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqCIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqKO sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqKO sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqKI sqNA Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMO sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqKO sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNU sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqTY sqTAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqZA sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCAI sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqNAI Upward
vPlays2 sqZU sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqCY Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMI Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqTE sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqZI sqTI Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqZAU Downward
vPlays2 sqTU sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqZU sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqKE sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqXO sqCO Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqMO sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqCI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqMIA sqCIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqNY Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCI sqZA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqTAI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqCAI sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqCI sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCI sqPU Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqNI sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNAI sqNO Downward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTI sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMO sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCY sqXO Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNIA sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqLI sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqPE sqPI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqTY sqZO Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTI Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAU sqTAI Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLY sqNY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqKY Upward
vPlays2 sqZY sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNO sqTAI Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqNO sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNO sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqPAU sqMAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMO sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNO sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLY sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqCAI sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLY sqLU Downward
vPlays2 sqZO sqXO Upward
drops (Kok1,Dau2) sqXE Downward
vPlays2 sqLU sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqCO sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqXIA sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLI sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNE sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLE sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNO sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAI sqXY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPU Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqXI sqKAU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqTY sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMAI sqCAU Downward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNE Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNU sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTAU sqZAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqKO sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMY sqMAI Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqXAI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqLO sqLI Upward
vPlays2 sqCAU sqMIA Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZAI sqZU Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqLU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLU sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLE sqTU Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqLE sqNE Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqLO Upward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNE sqLI Downward
vPlays2 sqLO sqLAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqTI sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqCU sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMY sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqNY sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAU sqNAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZY Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLI sqLE Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqNAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLI sqKI sqTI Downward
vPlays2 sqZU sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTE sqTO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNAI sqLAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqNY sqZAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNO sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqZAU sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqTY sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXY sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqNAI sqTAI Upward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqNY sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqTAU sqTIA Upward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTI sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqMO sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNO sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqMO sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqZI Downward
vPlays2 sqTI sqXA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPAU Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqTAI sqZAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqXY sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXAU sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqLE sqNI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqLU Upward
drops (Kok1,Tuk2) sqMA Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqXY sqNIA Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqXY sqZAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNU sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqMU sqME Upward
vPlays2 sqLA sqKE Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNU sqZU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKAU Upward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXE sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqNY sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNU sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqZY sqZAU Downward
vPlays2 sqCIA sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqLU sqKU Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqZY sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqCAU sqCIA Downward
vPlays3 sqLY sqNU sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqXO sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqXI sqKI Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqCO sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqNU sqXA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqNY Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqKIA Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqTE sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqXO sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCO sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqKU sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqCO sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqPI sqPU sqZU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqLO sqNU sqLI Downward
vPlays2 sqCY sqCAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCO sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqPO sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqMO sqPAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqPU sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqXAU sqZAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Maun1) sqLAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqNO sqNY Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqPIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqCIA sqXIA Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqCAI sqMAU Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqKY sqNU Upward
vPlays2 sqLI sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqXU sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXY sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqTIA sqTAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqNI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqXI sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqME sqXE Downward
[Dat2AIo]
_6h^1h - _5h - _3h - _7k_6k
 -  -  -  -  - _2h - ^!k - 
^2k - _4h_#k - _1k -  -  - 
 - ^1k^3k - _7h -  -  - _1k
^4h - _!h - _1k - _1h -  - 
^3h - _8h - _1k_1k -  -  - 
^1h_5h - ^3k - ^1k_8k - ^1h
^1h^6k - ^7k^8k^4k^5k^$h_1k
_2h^5k - ^1h - ^2k_8h -  - 
~~~
_#h^4k_6h^7h^1h^1h

