vPlays3 sqZO sqTAI sqNY Upward
vPlays2 sqNY sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLY sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqLO sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqZAI sqTY Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqZIA sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqTI sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqXI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMU sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKIA sqLIA Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqLAU sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqPAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqCU sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCAI sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPI sqMI Downward
vPlays2 sqTY sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqMA sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqTA sqMO Downward
vPlays2 sqXAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCE sqXA Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqTU Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqNIA sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqPI sqPAI Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqPAU sqPAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqZAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqZE sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqZO sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqXO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqPAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZI sqZE Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqNE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqKA sqKE Downward
vPlays2 sqMIA sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXIA sqZIA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqPU Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqZA Upward
vPlays2 sqCI sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqXAI sqMO sqXI Upward
vPlays2 sqTA sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqKIA sqKAU Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqZA sqZE sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqZE sqTE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZU Upward
vPlays2 sqMU sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqTAU sqZAI Upward
drops (Huok2,Nuak1) sqLAU Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqPIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqTAI sqXIA Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqXE sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqME sqMO sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqXE sqMU Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqXU sqZI Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqMI Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqNAI Upward
vPlays3 sqMO sqZE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqPU sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTO sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqMI sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMI sqCO Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqCAI sqXAI Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqPAI sqPY Downward
vPlays3 sqPAI sqMAI sqMIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqLIA sqKIA Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqTU sqZU Downward
vPlays3 sqZI sqTU sqNI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqCU Upward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMAI sqPO Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqTU sqNI sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqNAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqLO sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqTIA sqTAU sqZIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqCO sqNO Downward
vPlays2 sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqTE sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMI sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLE sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqCE sqXA Upward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqXY sqZAI Upward
vPlays2 sqTO sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqXY sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCA sqCE Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNY sqLY Downward
vPlays3 sqMIA sqMAI sqMI Upward
[Dat2AIo]
_2h_7k -  - _7h - _8k_5k - 
_6h_2k - _4k_3k_4h^$h -  - 
_1h_1k^3h_1k - ^5h - ^6h_1h
 - _2k -  - _8h_3h^1h - _1k
 -  -  -  - _6k^#h_1h -  - 
 - _2h_1h -  - ^1k^1h -  - 
^1h^1k^!k^1k - ^1k - ^1k - 
^6k^4k - ^4h -  -  -  - ^7k
^7h - ^3k - ^8k_5h -  - ^8h
~~~
^#k_1h^!h_5k

