vPlays3 sqZO sqTAI sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTAI sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqMAU sqMAI sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLU Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqTAI sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMI sqCI Upward
vPlays3 sqPE sqME sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqPAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqZI sqMY Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXO sqCY Downward
vPlays2 sqMAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMY sqPO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqLO sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMY sqMO Downward
vPlays3 sqPIA sqMIA sqCIA Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqCA Downward
vPlays3 sqCI sqCE sqCA Upward
vPlays2 sqZI sqZU Downward
vPlays2 sqMO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqCE sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXAI sqXY Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZAI sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqZY sqCU Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqZI Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqZY sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZY sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqCA sqMA sqME Upward
vPlays2 sqXA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqXIA sqCIA sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXE sqXI Downward
vPlays2 sqNU sqTO Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqMU Downward
vPlays3 sqCIA sqMIA sqPIA Upward
vPlays2 sqXI sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMI sqPO Upward
vPlays3 sqCI sqXU sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqME sqMI sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTI sqTU Downward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMO sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXE sqCA Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqZA Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMO sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZY sqCY Downward
vPlays3 sqNIA sqKAI sqNO Upward
vPlays3 sqMU sqMO sqXY Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqTU sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqMA sqME Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMO sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMY sqMAI Downward
vPlays2 sqNO sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqCAI sqMY Downward
drops (Huok2,Dau2) sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqTU sqXO Downward
vPlays2 sqMO sqMI Upward
vPlays2 sqXU sqPA Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTO sqZU Upward
vPlays3 sqXO sqMY sqPO Downward
vPlays2 sqKIA sqLIA Upward
vPlays2 sqMY sqZY Downward
vPlays3 sqMI sqPI sqPA Upward
vPlays2 sqKI sqKU Downward
drops (Kok1,Nuak1) sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqCY sqCAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqMU Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqMU sqXY Downward
vPlays2 sqTIA sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqMU sqPU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqMAI Downward
drops (Huok2,Tuk2) sqKIA Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqXI sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqZAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqXI sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMY sqCO Upward
vPlays2 sqTE sqLE Downward
vPlays2 sqCY sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqCO sqMI Downward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqKA sqKE sqKI Downward
vPlays2 sqMI sqMA Upward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqNE Downward
vPlays2 sqMY sqMO Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqME sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqZAI sqTAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCI Downward
vPlays3 sqXA sqCA sqMA Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLA sqKA Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqTI sqXA Upward
vPlays3 sqZE sqZI sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqCI sqPI Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqXA Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqTO sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqXE sqCE Downward
vPlays2 sqXAU sqCAI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqZI sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqZAI sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCE sqCA Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXAU Upward
vPlays3 sqMA sqME sqCU Downward
vPlays2 sqCAU sqXIA Upward
vPlays2 sqME sqPE Downward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqZY sqZI Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqXA sqZE Downward
vPlays2 sqXI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqTU sqNU Downward
vPlays2 sqMAU sqMAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqKO Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqNAU Upward
vPlays2 sqZE sqXE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqLO Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqZI sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays2 sqCU sqZO Downward
vPlays3 sqZY sqZO sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTAI sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqTU sqNI Upward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqMA Downward
vPlays2 sqTO sqXI Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqLI sqTO Downward
vPlays3 sqNI sqTE sqTA Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLU sqZAI Downward
vPlays3 sqXI sqCE sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqZA Downward
vPlays2 sqXO sqZO Upward
vPlays3 sqZA sqNE sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqNE sqNY Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqMO sqCY Upward
vPlays2 sqNY sqNO Downward
vPlays3 sqLE sqLI sqNA Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqKO Downward
vPlays3 sqMY sqPAI sqMAI Upward
vPlays3 sqZAI sqTAU sqZIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMAI sqPY Upward
vPlays3 sqKI sqKU sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqZAU Upward
vPlays2 sqNE sqKE Downward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqCAU Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqTE sqNI Downward
vPlays3 sqZAU sqXAI sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqTI Downward
vPlays2 sqCAI sqXY Upward
vPlays3 sqZIA sqXAU sqMY Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqCI sqXE Upward
vPlays3 sqCE sqXA sqXE Downward
vPlays3 sqNA sqNA sqLE Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqKA sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqPY sqMO sqXI Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqTIA Downward
vPlays2 sqLIA sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqMY sqPO Downward
vPlays3 sqLO sqLU sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqTE Downward
vPlays3 sqTAU sqNAI sqLY Upward
vPlays3 sqTI sqNI sqNE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqXO Upward
vPlays3 sqXE sqCA sqCE Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMO sqPU Upward
vPlays3 sqTE sqXI sqCU Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqLAI sqLIA Upward
vPlays3 sqTO sqXI sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqNAI sqNO sqNU Upward
drops (Huok2,Kaun1) sqLE Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXO sqZU Upward
vPlays2 sqCE sqMI Downward
vPlays2 sqXI sqZE Upward
vPlays2 sqMA sqXI Downward
vPlays3 sqZE sqXI sqXU Upward
vPlays3 sqXI sqTI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqLY sqLO Upward
vPlays2 sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqLY sqKY Upward
vPlays3 sqNE sqLI sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqXU sqZU sqNY Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLE sqNA Downward
vPlays2 sqCU sqZO Upward
vPlays2 sqNO sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqXY sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqPO sqXAU sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqZI sqTE Upward
vPlays3 sqCO sqXO sqZU Downward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZE Upward
vPlays2 sqXO sqTI Downward
vPlays3 sqZU sqNY sqLAI Upward
vPlays3 sqLAI sqNAU sqLIA Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqLIA sqNIA Upward
vPlays3 sqMI sqPE sqPA Downward
vPlays3 sqTAI sqTY sqZY Upward
vPlays2 sqLU sqLI Downward
vPlays3 sqTE sqZI sqTI Upward
vPlays3 sqLIA sqNIA sqKIA Downward
vPlays3 sqCAU sqXAI sqCY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqZAI Downward
drops (Kok1,Maun1) sqME Upward
vPlays3 sqNU sqNI sqNY Downward
vPlays2 sqKAU sqMA Upward
drops (Kok1,Gua2) sqZAU Downward
vPlays2 sqMU sqMI Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqKE Downward
vPlays3 sqCY sqTI sqNU Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqZAI sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqPU sqPI sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqCA sqME sqMI Downward
vPlays3 sqKIA sqKIA sqKAU Upward
drops (Kok1,Kaun1) sqNA Downward
vPlays3 sqPE sqMI sqCU Upward
vPlays2 sqNIA sqTAU Downward
vPlays3 sqCU sqMI sqCE Upward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqXU Downward
vPlays3 sqXY sqTU sqNI Upward
vPlays3 sqKO sqLY sqNAI Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqLY sqNY Upward
drops (Kok1,Kauk2) sqCA Downward
drops (Huok2,Gua2) sqTO Upward
vPlays3 sqLE sqNI sqTI Downward
vPlays2 sqTO sqCO Upward
vPlays3 sqKE sqLI sqKI Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqLAU Upward
vPlays2 sqKI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqMAI sqPAI sqMAU Upward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqNAU sqNIA Downward
vPlays3 sqNY sqNU sqNAI Upward
drops (Kok1,Uai1) sqTE Downward
drops (Kok1,Kua2) sqZIA Upward
vPlays2 sqTU sqTY Downward
vPlays3 sqCE sqMI sqPE Upward
vPlays3 sqPA sqMA sqPE Downward
[Dat2AIo]
_2h - _3k -  - _5h_1k^7h - 
 -  -  - _8k^1k -  - ^5k_#k
 - _6h^4k_3h^!h - _1k_8k^2k
_1h_8h^3h -  - _1h -  -  - 
 - _5k -  -  -  - ^2h^!k - 
 - ^4h - _1h^1k -  -  -  - 
^1h - ^6k - _1k^1k -  - ^1h
 -  - ^1k_3k_2k^1h - ^8h^7k
 -  - ^$h_1h^6k^4h - ^5h^6h
~~~
_#h^4k_1k^7k_1h_7h

