vPlays3 sqLA sqTI sqLO Downward
vPlays3 sqZO sqTAI sqTY Upward
vPlays3 sqTY sqNAI sqKY Downward
vPlays3 sqKAU sqKAI sqKI Upward
vPlays2 sqZA sqZE Downward
vPlays3 sqKY sqNAI sqNAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNAU sqTAI sqNO Downward
drops (Huok2,Kauk2) sqKU Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqNA sqLA Downward
vPlays3 sqLAU sqTAU sqZAU Upward
vPlays3 sqNO sqNI sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqKI sqNA sqLA Upward
vPlays3 sqLU sqLI sqTA Downward
vPlays3 sqLA sqNA sqKA Upward
vPlays3 sqNA sqLE sqKI Downward
drops (Huok2,Kua2) sqMO Upward
vPlays2 sqNI sqNU Downward
vPlays3 sqXAU sqCAI sqMY Upward
vPlays3 sqTA sqTE sqLU Downward
vPlays3 sqKU sqLU sqLI Upward
vPlays3 sqKI sqLE sqCAI Downward
vPlays3 sqLU sqNU sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqZY sqTAI sqXO Downward
vPlays3 sqXO sqXO sqCY Upward
vPlays3 sqCY sqMO sqXO Downward
drops (Huok2,Uai1) sqZY Upward
vPlays3 sqCAI sqMY sqZIA Downward
[Dat2AIo]
^7h -  -  -  - _8k_3k_5k_6k
_7k_2k - _4k_#k_4h - _2h_7h
 - ^1h - _1k_!k_1k_1h_1k_1h
 -  - _1h -  -  -  -  -  - 
 - _5h -  -  - ^$h - ^6h - 
 -  -  -  - ^8h -  - ^4k - 
^1h^1k^1h^1k^!h^1k - ^1k^1h
 -  -  - ^4h^2h -  - ^2k^7k
^6k^5k^3k^8k_3h^8h^3h^5h^6h
~~~
_#h_1h^1k

